---
layout: post
title: Elasticon 2024
date: 2025-01-27 23:00 -05:00
description: A summary of my experience at Elasticon 2024 in New York City.
type: post
image: elasticon-nyc.jpg
categories:
- Elastic
tags:
- Elastic
- Elasticon
---

This is a bit of a retroactive post that's been sitting in my drafts, but two months ago I had the pleasure of attending ElasticON 2024 in New York City thanks to our company being a partner and sponsor for the event. It was a great experience and I learned a lot about current and upcoming features within the Elastic stack. I also had the opportunity to meet some of the Elastic team as well as some of my clients.

{% include post_image.liquid filename="PXL_20241113_233131090.jpg" class="center-block" %}

The conference was held at the Manhattan Center, a beautiful venue in Midtown Manhattan. The trip was spread out over two days, with the first day being dedicated to keynote sessions and the second day being dedicated to workshops. GenAI was a big focus at the conference, with most of the events being centered around it in some form or another, whether it'd be RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) applications or getting into the nitty-gritty of the underlying technology with things like [BBQ (Better Binary Quantization)](https://www.elastic.co/search-labs/blog/better-binary-quantization-lucene-elasticsearch).

{% include post_image.liquid filename="PXL_20241113_191904550.jpg" class="center-block" %}

One of my favorite events was the Geospatial lightning talk where it covered building out a RAG service leveraging textual and vector data with geospatial data. 

{% include post_image.liquid filename="PXL_20241113_181603461.jpg" class="center-block" %}

Another one of my favorites was the security presentation going over [Attack Discovery](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/attack-discovery.html), which illustrated a really cool feature of mapping out the relationship of security events to the MITRE ATT&CK framework. 

The following day, we attended the Elastic office where we were able to both attend and lead workshops for GenAI certification.

Least but not least, it wouldn't be a conference without a swag haul picture.

{% include post_image.liquid filename="PXL_20241116_010716075.jpg" class="center-block" %}

Overall, it was a great experience and would definitely recommend attending ElasticON if you have the opportunity. 